Add tag prefix option (#88)
gregorym/bump: README.md

### `--tag`

> Will add a git tag with a tag prefix set defaulting to 'v' (if the current project is a git repository and `--no-commit` has not been given).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Will add a git tag like `v1.2.3` (if the current project is a git repository and `--no-commit` has not been given).
```

    bump patch --tag

You can change the tag prefix by passing `--tag-prefix` option followed by a string or `FALSE` if you want no prefix.

>     bump patch --tag --tag-prefix v-     # tag with a prefix 'v-' ex. the tag will look like v-0.0.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    bump patch --tag --tag-prefix v-     # v-1.2.3
```

>     bump patch --tag --tag-prefix FALSE  # tag without a prefix ex. the tag will look like 0.0.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    bump patch --tag --tag-prefix FALSE  # tag as 1.2.3
```

### `--tag`

Will add a git tag like `v1.2.3` (if the current project is a git repository and `--no-commit` has not been given).

    bump patch --tag

> You can change the tag prefix by passing `--tag-prefix` option followed by a string or `FALSE` if you want no prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--tag-prefix` option can change the tag prefix:
```

    # bumping with option(s)
    rake bump:patch TAG=false BUNDLE=false      # commit, but don't tag or run `bundle`
    rake bump:patch TAG=true                    # tag with prefix defaulting to 'v'
    rake bump:patch TAG=true TAG_PREFIX=false   # tag without a prefix

>     rake bump:patch TAG=true TAG_PREFIX=v-      # tag with a prefix 'v-' ex. the tag will look like v-0.0.1

Reviewer: 1 example should be good enough, this is not an option many users will need

Bump::Bump.current        # -> "1.2.3"
Bump::Bump.file           # -> "lib/foo/version.rb"
Bump::Bump.run("patch")   # -> version changed
Bump::Bump.run("patch", tag: true) # -> version changed with tagging and default prefix 'v'
Bump::Bump.run("patch", tag: true, tag_prefix: false) # -> version changed with tagging without prefix

> Bump::Bump.run("patch", tag: true, tag_prefix: 'v-') # -> version changed with tagging with '-v' as prefix

Reviewer: same here, 1 example is good enough
